Hello world.
I love cats.
Cats are cute.
I love dogs.
Dogs are friendly.
Lazarus is a fun anime to watch, it has good music, fun action, and fun characters. The plot is interesting and unique as well. Those aspects help hook the viewer to keep watching to see where the story leads us. The unfortunately part is how much is squeezed into 13 episodes. All of it for an anticlimactic finale and added events that had no effect on the outcome of the story and no follow up. There really is no moral of the story either, even though it seems the anime wants you to tacitly think about different immorality within the story. Maybe it doesn't need 
My 3rd rewatch
Satoshi Kon shows his skill at drawing you into another world. Millennium Actress has a great story, really great characters, and keeps you fixated from start to finish. Watching this one made me forget this was an anime as I became fascinated by the life moving before me. Chiyoko is amazing at any age or time; her determination, spirit, and energy are infectiously admirable. Note the interviewer and our skeptical camera guy are third party observers in the dark, just like ourselves. Someone watching this mentioned how great the soundtrack is which adds a whole other level and really establishes pace, mood
There are many aspects of why you might enjoy a piece of media beyond its contents alone. Part of critically examining why you enjoy something comes with a recognition of the context in which you encountered it. Or to put it in a less pretentious way, sometimes you only like stuff because you watched it when you were a kid. I agree with the substance of meniir's review, in that this show just isn't as funny as Nichijou. That's the simple fact, most people watching this have Nichijou as a frame of reference. The animation even looks quite similar, it's obvious that it's meant to 
This is easily the best show the season and one of rare animes for which I can say is a true masterpiece and a must watch already with 5 episodes in, absolutely beautiful visuals/art style that fits it perfectly which you wouldn't expect from this studio, great lovable female mc and interesting other characters without any flaws, lovely story with fun character interactions and with some action that has gorgeous looking magic. This anime rly has it all, not a single disappointing moment and it just keeps getting better and better each week. Anyway this is smart Bocchi the Witch fmc so impossible not to